so it was when all the kings of the
so it was when all the kings of the Amorite hsihu were on the west side of
Amorite hsihu were on the west side of
Amorite hsihu were on the west side of the Jordan and all the kings of the
the Jordan and all the kings of the
the Jordan and all the kings of the Canaanites who were by the sea heard
Canaanites who were by the sea heard
Canaanites who were by the sea heard that the Lord had dried up the waters of
that the Lord had dried up the waters of
that the Lord had dried up the waters of the Jordan from before the children of
the Jordan from before the children of
the Jordan from before the children of Israel until we had crossed over that
Israel until we had crossed over that
Israel until we had crossed over that their heart melted there was no spirit
their heart melted there was no spirit
their heart melted there was no spirit in them any longer because of the
in them any longer because of the
in them any longer because of the children of Israel
children of Israel
children of Israel at that time the Lord said to Joshua
at that time the Lord said to Joshua
at that time the Lord said to Joshua make Flint knives for yourself and
make Flint knives for yourself and
make Flint knives for yourself and circumcise the sons of Israel again the
circumcise the sons of Israel again the
circumcise the sons of Israel again the second time so Joshua made Flint knives
second time so Joshua made Flint knives
second time so Joshua made Flint knives for himself and circumcise the sons of
for himself and circumcise the sons of
for himself and circumcise the sons of Israel at the hill of the foreskins and
Israel at the hill of the foreskins and
Israel at the hill of the foreskins and this is the reason why Joshua circumcise
this is the reason why Joshua circumcise
this is the reason why Joshua circumcise them all the people who came out of
them all the people who came out of
them all the people who came out of Egypt who were males all the man of war
Egypt who were males all the man of war
Egypt who were males all the man of war had died in the wilderness on the way
had died in the wilderness on the way
had died in the wilderness on the way Alpha bayard come out of Egypt for all
Alpha bayard come out of Egypt for all
Alpha bayard come out of Egypt for all the people who came out had been
the people who came out had been
the people who came out had been circumcised but all the people born in
circumcised but all the people born in
circumcised but all the people born in the wilderness on the way as they came
the wilderness on the way as they came
the wilderness on the way as they came out of Egypt had not been circumcised
out of Egypt had not been circumcised
out of Egypt had not been circumcised for the children of Israel walked forty
for the children of Israel walked forty
for the children of Israel walked forty years in the wilderness till all the
years in the wilderness till all the
years in the wilderness till all the people who were men of war who came out
people who were men of war who came out
people who were men of war who came out of Egypt were consumed because they did
of Egypt were consumed because they did
of Egypt were consumed because they did not obey the voice of the Lord to whom
not obey the voice of the Lord to whom
not obey the voice of the Lord to whom the Lord swore that he would not show
the Lord swore that he would not show
the Lord swore that he would not show them the land which the Lord had sworn
them the land which the Lord had sworn
them the land which the Lord had sworn to their fathers that he would give us a
to their fathers that he would give us a
to their fathers that he would give us a land flowing with milk and honey then
land flowing with milk and honey then
land flowing with milk and honey then Joshua circumcise their sons whom he
Joshua circumcise their sons whom he
Joshua circumcise their sons whom he raised up in their place for they were
raised up in their place for they were
raised up in their place for they were uncircumcised because they had not been
uncircumcised because they had not been
uncircumcised because they had not been circumcised on the way so it was when
circumcised on the way so it was when
circumcised on the way so it was when they had finished circumcising all the
they had finished circumcising all the
they had finished circumcising all the people that they stayed in their places
people that they stayed in their places
people that they stayed in their places in the camp till they were healed and
in the camp till they were healed and
in the camp till they were healed and the Lord said to Joshua this day I have
the Lord said to Joshua this day I have
the Lord said to Joshua this day I have rolled away the reproach of Egypt from
rolled away the reproach of Egypt from
rolled away the reproach of Egypt from you therefore the name of the place is
you therefore the name of the place is
you therefore the name of the place is called Gilgal to this day
called Gilgal to this day
called Gilgal to this day now the children of Israel camped in
now the children of Israel camped in
now the children of Israel camped in Gilgal and kept the Passover on the
Gilgal and kept the Passover on the
Gilgal and kept the Passover on the fourteenth day of the month at Twilight
fourteenth day of the month at Twilight
fourteenth day of the month at Twilight on the plains of Jericho and they ate of
on the plains of Jericho and they ate of
on the plains of Jericho and they ate of the produce of the land on the day after
the produce of the land on the day after
the produce of the land on the day after the Passover unleavened bread and
the Passover unleavened bread and
the Passover unleavened bread and parched grain on the very same day then
parched grain on the very same day then
parched grain on the very same day then the manna ceased on the day after they
the manna ceased on the day after they
the manna ceased on the day after they had eaten the produce of the land and
had eaten the produce of the land and
had eaten the produce of the land and the children of Israel no longer had
the children of Israel no longer had
the children of Israel no longer had manna that they ate the food of the land
manna that they ate the food of the land
manna that they ate the food of the land of Canaan that year and it came to pass
of Canaan that year and it came to pass
of Canaan that year and it came to pass when Joshua was by Jericho that he
when Joshua was by Jericho that he
when Joshua was by Jericho that he lifted his eyes and looked and behold a
lifted his eyes and looked and behold a
lifted his eyes and looked and behold a man stood opposite him with his sword
man stood opposite him with his sword
man stood opposite him with his sword drawn in his hand and Joshua went to him
drawn in his hand and Joshua went to him
drawn in his hand and Joshua went to him and said to him are you for us or for
and said to him are you for us or for
and said to him are you for us or for our adversaries no but as commander of
our adversaries no but as commander of
our adversaries no but as commander of the army of the Lord I have now come and
the army of the Lord I have now come and
the army of the Lord I have now come and Joshua fell on his face to the earth and
Joshua fell on his face to the earth and
Joshua fell on his face to the earth and worshiped what does my Lord say to his
worshiped what does my Lord say to his
worshiped what does my Lord say to his servant take your sandal off your foot
servant take your sandal off your foot
servant take your sandal off your foot for the place where you stand
for the place where you stand
for the place where you stand he's holy and Joshua
he's holy and Joshua
he's holy and Joshua did so